Restructured Python section in Bigquery doc (#7284)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs.md

## Python model configuration

**Submission methods:**
BigQuery supports a few different mechanisms to submit Python code, each with relative advantages. The `dbt-bigquery` adapter uses BigQuery DataFrames (BigFrames) or Dataproc. This process reads data from BigQuery, computes it either natively with BigQuery DataFrames or Dataproc, and writes the results back to BigQuery.

<Tabs
  defaultValue="dataframes"
  values={[
    { label: 'BigQuery DataFrames', value: 'dataframes', },
    { label: 'Dataproc', value: 'dataproc', },
  ]
}>
<TabItem value="dataframes">

> BigQuery DataFrames can execute pandas and scikit. There's no need to manage infrastructure and leverages BigQuery-distributed query engines. It's great for analysts, data scientists, and ML engineers who want to manipulate big data using a pandas-like syntax.

Reviewer: * It looks like the module name is [scikit-learn](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn)
* Does ML == machine learning? or something else?
```suggestion
BigQuery DataFrames can execute pandas and scikit-learn. There's no need to manage infrastructure and leverages BigQuery-distributed query engines. It's great for analysts, data scientists, and machine learning engineers who want to manipulate big data using a pandas-like syntax.
```

> **Note:** BigQuery DataFrames is executed on a default Colab runtime. If no `default` runtime template is available, the adapter will automatically create one for you and mark it `default` for next time usage (assuming it has the right permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** BigQuery DataFrames run on Google Colab's default runtime. If no `default` runtime template is available, the adapter will automatically create one for you and mark it `default` for next time usage (assuming it has the right permissions).
```

The `dbt-bigquery` adapter uses BigQuery Dataframe or Dataproc to run Python models. This process reads data from BigQuery, computes it either natively with BigQuery Dataframe or Dataproc, and writes the results back to BigQuery.

**Submission methods:**

> BigQuery supports a few different mechanisms to submit Python code, each with relative advantages. See the following information for both BigQuery Dataframe and Dataproc when running Python models.

Reviewer 2: Reading this section above and this - It feels like redundant information? Could we remove it from above? 

Also looking through their docs, I do believe it's Dataframes as a plural  🤔

Author: Pushed changes here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/7284/commits/6ff7bd32ba7f7715cb894e0366c014dc2a719bad

I modified the name to "BigQuery DataFrames" as this looks like the official product name: https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/bigframes/latest

> **Note:** BigQuery Dataframe is executed on a default Colab runtime. If no `default` runtime template is available, the adapter will automatically create one for you and mark it `default` for next time usage (assuming it has the right permissions).

Reviewer 2: Could we move this above the example? After the personas who use this?

Author: Pushed changes here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/7284/commits/6ff7bd32ba7f7715cb894e0366c014dc2a719bad
